Everyone, are you here to cause trouble?
General Li can also understand this.
Listen to me someone has passed the test,
And still choose to take a bite.
General Li thinks we are fools.
How can a young boy pass the test?
Isn’t this your General Li?
A play directed and performed by myself.
I, Li, will be at the end of the journey,
Walking rightly, doing things right, doing things like that.
Have you done it?
I will listen to the general's mental state.
The first place was the fact
This Li Qiangjun often thinks that it is definitely good
To be shallow
Now the general is doing something important for the princess's loyalty
It’s not like we don’t dare to wait for the win value, let alone
Your Majesty now
It’s no longer the case, Your Majesty
I also watched it
these things
Do you want it if you are no longer perverted?
I asked someone to help the general
Remove all these things
Please touch on the facts
If we win
What about the general? General Li?
You can see clearly
What's this
I’m not like Shangshi, that’s right
It is superior consciousness
His Majesty the Wind’s Order
What does it mean to be your Majesty?
Huiyin big event
Energize the ears
Your Majesty heard
Princess in her own family order
I specially sent two of them
Come and design the test
If it passes the test
Only then can we get married
I can only bully you if I can tell you
Only he can pull you
Said he couldn't do it
He can't do anything about it
It's okay to get married
First, take out the words about Kaohe
show me
Only qualified if you pass
accept my test
The general can sense
Your current bite
Even if my feet pass by
Will it also be dropped by these two people?
Do you want to get married or not?
I am Li Jiabao
I'm Li Jiaxin